Fix/sample oracle and peer connection (#202)
p2pderivatives/rust-dlc: sample/Readme.md

cargo run ./examples/configurations/bob.yml
```

> Update the [example contract](./examples/contracts/numerical_contract_input.json#L82) replacing the number after `btcusd` with a unix timestamp sometimes in the future (this will correspond to the contract maturity date).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the [example contract](./examples/contracts/numerical_contract_input.json#L82) replacing the number after `btcusd` with a unix timestamp some time in the future (this will correspond to the contract maturity date).
```

Author: Thanks fixed.
